{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa575\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In my midterm reflection I wrote that "good design is unfinished." Looking back on the work we\'92ve done this term and the website I created; I believe it more than ever. However, what I meant then was that designs can always be improved, that nothing is truly finished. What I know now is different, that unfinished isn\'92t a flaw in good design, it's the point. A design with a longer life has more chances to be reshaped and given new meaning by the people who use it. At the midterm I was still thinking about completion, drowning in stress over completing the final deliverable and not looking at the future of my design.\
This essentially sums up how I, and my approach to design, has changed over these past few weeks. For this final challenge I was forced to engage with things I had never done before. Yet, as I have seen throughout this class, my confidence in designing has grown considerably because of this. This course has pushed me to run through the design process, from ideation to creation, without giving me the time to second guess myself or stray from my first few original ideas. This has given me the confidence to run with the first idea that strikes my interest and aligns with my passions, and I think this has allowed me to create better projects overall. I don\'92t think this project, or I, am finished. Even now that the course is over, I can already see where Version 4 would begin. But, as I before, I believe \'93good design is unfinished,\'94 and DIPS has proven that to be true. This project is better for every \'93round of friction,\'94 every difficulty, and every failed prompt.\
I know now that I design best, and am most happy, when I am working with service or program design that look at stakeholders holistically. I also know that I am a better designer for accepting unfamiliar ideas that have challenged my ways of thinking before this course and keep those in my "designer\'92s toolkit," because these seeds of feedback are what will shape the way I approached every project from now on.}